Add release steps to Versioning docs (#5255)
Shopify/polaris: documentation/Versioning and changelog.md

- Changes that do not impact public APIs
- Non-breaking changes to minimum version of dependencies
- Breaking changes to private Sass variables, functions, and mixins

## Creating a new release

> Follow the following steps to deploy a new version of Polaris:

Reviewer: This has to be done by a @shopify employee. We should probably add that as a disclaimer.

- Changes that do not impact public APIs
- Non-breaking changes to minimum version of dependencies
- Breaking changes to private Sass variables, functions, and mixins

## Creating a new release

Follow the following steps to deploy a new version of Polaris:

1. Checkout the `main` branch and pull the latest commits

   `git checkout main && git pull`

2. Create a new `polaris-release` branch from `main`

   `git checkout -b polaris-release`

3. Migrate all entries from `UNRELEASED.md` to `CHANGELOG.md` ([see example](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/5254/files#diff-06572a96a58dc510037d5efa622f9bec8519bc1beab13c9f251e97e657a9d4ed))

4. Commit changelog updates

>    `git add . && commit -m "Polaris vX.X.X release"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `git add . && git commit -m "Polaris vX.X.X release"`
```

> 5. Publish the `polaris-release` branch if it isn't already

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Push the `polaris-release` branch to the remote repository

   `git push origin polaris-release` 

```

6. Version and tag the new release

   `yarn version`

7. Push the `polaris-release` branch with tags

>    `git push origin --follow-tags`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `git push origin polaris-release --follow-tags`
```
